feat(c4): migrate C4 element shapes to the unified shapes (#7842)
mermaid-js/mermaid: docs/syntax/c4.md

```

## Element text wrapping

> Element text (name, type and description) stays on one line by default; the element sizes itself to the longest line. Set the root `wrap` config value to wrap text to the element width instead, which is set by the `c4.width` config value (default `216`):

Reviewer: **nitpick**: It might be slightly cleaner not to reference the default value here, in case it changes. Although, we could link to https://mermaid.js.org/config/schema-docs/config-defs-c4-diagram-config.html#width (e.g. with `/config/schema-docs/config-defs-c4-diagram-config.html#width`) if you want to point to the docs about the default value.

```suggestion
Element text (name, type and description) stays on one line by default; the element sizes itself to the longest line. Set the root `wrap` config value to wrap text to the element width instead, which is set by the [`c4.width`](/config/schema-docs/config-defs-c4-diagram-config.html#width) config value:
```

Author: Applied in f3eab31a8 - it now links `c4.width` to the schema-docs entry instead of stating the default. Thanks!
